CNV#27697: Created 4.15 RN shell (#69786)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-15-release-notes.adoc

Reviewer: I looked a Chris Wright's message, and the person he refers to as the head of Diversity and Inclusion no longer works at Red Hat. It seems that she left in 2020.

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="virt-4-15-release-notes"]
= {VirtProductName} release notes
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: virt-4-15-release-notes

toc::[]

[id="virt-inclusive-language"]
== Making open source more inclusive

Red Hat is committed to replacing problematic language in our code, documentation, and web properties. We are beginning with these four terms: master, slave, blacklist, and whitelist. Because of the enormity of this endeavor, these changes will be implemented gradually over several upcoming releases. For more details, see link:https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/making-open-source-more-inclusive-eradicating-problematic-language[our CTO Chris Wright's message].

> 

Reviewer: I looked a Chris Wright's message, and the person he refers to as the head of Diversity and Inclusion no longer works at Red Hat. It seems that she left in 2020.

Reviewer 2: This probably doesn't address the issue Audrey pointed out, but it looks like we're supposed to include this module instead of pasting the text:
```
include::modules/making-open-source-more-inclusive.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
```
source: [OCP docs contrib guide](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#adding-a-subsection-on-making-open-source-more-inclusive)

[id="virt-doc-feedback"]
== Providing documentation feedback

To report an error or to improve our documentation, log in to your link:https://issues.redhat.com[Red Hat Jira account] and submit a link:https://issues.redhat.com/secure/CreateIssueDetails!init.jspa?pid=12323181&issuetype=1&components=12333768&priority=10200&summary=%5BDoc%5D&customfield_12316142[Jira issue].

[id="virt-about-cnv"]
== About Red Hat {VirtProductName}

> Red Hat {VirtProductName} enables you to bring traditional virtual machines (VMs) into {product-title} where they run alongside containers, and are managed as native Kubernetes objects.

Reviewer 2: (Very optional) Hmm. I know this has been here for a while, but it might be time to refresh the phrasing a bit. It strikes me as too passive voice-y. What do you think of this?

```suggestion
With Red Hat {VirtProductName}, you can bring traditional virtual machines (VMs) into {product-title} and run them alongside containers. In {VirtProductName}, VMs are native Kubernetes objects that you can manage by using the {product-title} web console or the command line.
```

{VirtProductName} is represented by the image:virt-icon.png[{VirtProductName},40,40] icon.

You can use {VirtProductName} with either the xref:../../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/about-ovn-kubernetes.adoc#about-ovn-kubernetes[OVN-Kubernetes] or the xref:../../networking/openshift_sdn/about-openshift-sdn.adoc#about-openshift-sdn[OpenShiftSDN] default Container Network Interface (CNI) network provider.

> Learn more about xref:../../virt/about_virt/about-virt.adoc#about-virt[what you can do with {VirtProductName}].

Reviewer 2: Looks like the enterprise-4.15 version of about-virt has the placeholder text in it; we should fix that.

Author: Good catch! I am almost tempted to leave the placeholder text in because in a few weeks, I'd have to add it back in as part of the asynchronous release process! :-)

include::modules/virt-supported-cluster-version.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="virt-guest-os"]
=== Supported guest operating systems
To view the supported guest operating systems for {VirtProductName}, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/973163#ocpvirt[Certified Guest Operating Systems in Red Hat OpenStack Platform, Red Hat Virtualization, OpenShift Virtualization and Red Hat Enterprise Linux with KVM].

//Ensure platform passes Windows Server Virtualization Validation Program. Otherwise, comment out the section below.
[id="virt-svvp-certification"]
=== Microsoft Windows SVVP certification

//CNV-31842 SVVP 4.15 Release Note: NEW
//NOTE: This is a recurring release note. Modify the existing note text below if recommended by QE.
{VirtProductName} is certified in Microsoft's Windows Server Virtualization Validation Program (SVVP) to run Windows Server workloads.

The SVVP certification applies to:

* Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS workers. In the Microsoft SVVP Catalog, they are named __Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 4 on RHEL CoreOS 9__.
* Intel and AMD CPUs.

[id="virt-quick-starts"]
== Quick starts

> Quick start tours are available for several {VirtProductName} features. To view the tours, click the *Help* icon *?* in the menu bar on the header of the {VirtProductName} console and then select *Quick Starts*. You can filter the available tours by entering the `virtualization` keyword in the *Filter* field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Quick start tours are available for several {VirtProductName} features. To view the tours, click the *Help* icon *?* in the menu bar on the header of the {product-title} web console and then select *Quick Starts*. You can filter the available tours by entering the `virtualization` keyword in the *Filter* field.
```

> Quick start tours are available for several {VirtProductName} features. To view the tours, click the *Help* icon *?* in the menu bar on the header of the {VirtProductName} console and then select *Quick Starts*. You can filter the available tours by entering the `virtualization` keyword in the *Filter* field.

Reviewer: Very nitpicky, I know, but does ". . . entering the keyword 'virtualization' read better than " . . . entering the virtualization keyword"? It sounds as if there is a special virtualization keyword. Just a thought.

Reviewer 2: Nope, I think you're spot-on @aspauldi :) 

(What, you don't know the secret virtualization keyword?! Haha.)

[id="virt-4-15-new"]
== New and changed features

This release adds new features and enhancements related to the following components and concepts:

[id="virt-4-15-installation-update"]

> === Installation and update

Reviewer 2: I was going to say something about this phrasing feeling awkward, but I see it's like this in the OCP RNs. Consistency is good!

> === Installation and update

Reviewer: Again with the picky from me, but should the components and concepts be in alphabetical order?

Reviewer: That sounds sensible to me!

Some features in this release are currently in Technology Preview. These experimental features are not intended for production use. Note the following scope of support on the Red Hat Customer Portal for these features:

link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[Technology Preview Features Support Scope]

//CNV-27107 and CNV-28723
* You can now install and edit xref:../../virt/virtual_machines/creating_vms_rh/virt-creating-vms-from-instance-types.adoc#virt-creating-vm-instancetype_virt-creating-vms-from-instance-types[customized instance types] and preferences to create a VM from a volume or PersistentVolumeClaim (PVC).

//CNV-28944 Release note: Preview Cluster level eviction strategy change
* You can now configure a xref:../../virt/nodes/virt-node-maintenance.adoc#eviction-strategies[VM eviction strategy] for the xref:../../virt/nodes/virt-node-maintenance.adoc#virt-configuring-cluster-eviction-strategy-cli_virt-node-maintenance[entire cluster].

//CNV-15028: Nested virt in virt hosts. This feature will remain in tech preview indefinitely.

//CNV-29768: Memory hot plug

//CNV-29882: CPU hot plug

//CNV-33125: Add CPU limits to the UI

> [id="virt-4-15-bug-fix"]

Reviewer 2: world's tiniest nit but maybe this should be `virt-4-15-bug-fixes`

// Leave in for 4.14 per Stu; remove from 4.15 RNs and move content to CNV docs, per Avital
* With the release of the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:3722[RHSA-2023:3722] advisory, the TLS `Extended Master Secret` (EMS) extension (link:https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7627[RFC 7627]) is mandatory for TLS 1.2 connections on FIPS-enabled RHEL 9 systems. This is in accordance with FIPS-140-3 requirements. TLS 1.3 is not affected. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2157951[*BZ#2157951*])
+
Legacy OpenSSL clients that do not support EMS or TLS 1.3 now cannot connect to FIPS servers running on RHEL 9. Similarly, RHEL 9 clients in FIPS mode cannot connect to servers that only support TLS 1.2 without EMS. This in practice means that these clients cannot connect to servers on RHEL 6, RHEL 7 and non-RHEL legacy operating systems. This is because the legacy 1.0.x versions of OpenSSL do not support EMS or TLS 1.3. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7018256[TLS Extension "Extended Master Secret" enforced with Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9.2].
+

> As a workaround, upgrade legacy OpenSSL clients to a version that supports TLS 1.3 and configure {VirtProductName} to use TLS 1.3, with the `Modern` TLS security profile type, for FIPS mode.

Reviewer 2: Did we decide how to format workarounds going forward? Some of them have the sub-bullet and others are like this. I remember some vague discussion about it but I totally forget where it landed.

Author: I think historically we have formatted workarounds as sub-bullets. I don't remember if we had decided to format them in a different way going forward. Personally, I am fine with the current formatting because it helps the workarounds stand out visually.

[discrete]
[id="virt-4-15-ki-webconsole"]
==== Web console
//CNV-34771 from Ying
* If you upgrade {product-title} 4.13 to 4.14 without upgrading {VirtProductName}, the Virtualization pages of the web console crash. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=OCPBUGS-22853[*OCPBUGS-22853*])
+

> You must upgrade the {VirtProductName} Operator to 4.14 manually or set your subscription approval strategy to "Automatic."

Reviewer 2: Generally not commenting on known issues etc. but this should be `*Automatic*` instead of `"Automatic."`

> 

Reviewer 2: extra line breaks here
